# hello-world
Wanted to introduce myself. You can call me TIMMY. I am going to be leading the project, however there is only so much I can do. To tell you a little about my experience with the internet, I have been using computers since Windows 95 (from those days of Worms & Pitfall), I over time learned what makes the machine work & of its capabilities. Over the years I began to use Elements & then Wordpress (before MENUS - still find them redundant), tweaking HTML & CSS code to construct websites. They were simple creations that served my own personal purposes. This was all done through a passive method as I was living & doing my thing. I converted over from PC to Mac in 2010 & over the years turned my Pro into the beast it is today & still use it & couldn't be happier. Now that I'm grown & life is more pact with BS then ever, I'm again trying my hand at an undertaking - this time it's Coinful. I like the idea of the project & believe it has long term potential & can make me & many of you some extra cash while learning more about Search Engines - Web Crawling & Indexing; Data Collection; Amazon Cloudservices; Apache Nutch & Solr; APIs; encryption; Blockchain & integration of Dapps amongst other things. I was one of the many small time investors in crypto a few years back & my interest has only been growing. Now I'd like to moderate a team of people who really know their way with GitHub & would like to contribute their time, knowledge & expertise to make Coynful real while negotiating on real money in the form of Coyn as we grow. The earlier & more valuable the contributions, the more incentivized they will be. What we're really doing is creating a smart team that will come together organically. I am currently getting to know GitHub so if there are any mistakes or issues on my part it is due to unfamiliarity with certain customs & will quickly remedy mistakes as soon as someone points them out or I learn down the line. Let's make Coynful happen.
<p>PLAN 
<br>-Develop a product Search Engine that allows users to find products from merchants who accept Bitcoin & Altcoins. Front End will be basic, similar to Google's interface with a Search Bar & Enter Button. Customized for Computer, Tablet & Mobile. When user submits a Search, the interface will return search results with a photo similar to the Ebay interface. When applicable we will show a Local Map on the sidebar - perhaps incorporating "Coinmap".
<br>-Back End will either be based on Amazon Cloudsearch or Apache depending on what the Coynful community believes is better & more practical. Assuming we use Amazon Cloudsearch Index Request, we will incorporate it for Web Crawling & Web Indexing. Also Amazon Cloudsearch search API to retrieve results.
<br>-Coynful already has a database of thousands of merchants who accept crypto & it will only grow from there on.
<p>Also, to keep things simple, the coin will be an ERC20 token & will be integrated for its security & compatability.
<p>UPDATE - Will need multiple vertical search query implementation. 
